BRANDING.MD, before:

## Knative Branding Guidelines

The Knative logo and trademark are made available here with the following
guidelines:

**You may:**
 - use them for non-commercial uses such as t-shirts and stickers
 - use them to link to knative.dev
 - use them in a blog post or news article about Knative
 - use them to advertise that your product has support for Knative [Note that
   at this time such usage does *not* indicate conformance with any standards
   or requirements]

**You may not:**
 - Use them in a way that would confuse people about the origin of Knative,
   its maintainers or governance structure
 - Use them as your product's logo or trademark
 - Create a modified version of them (including, but not limited to, changing
   of colors, shape or scale)
 - Integrate them into your logo
 - Use them in such a manner as to create the impression that your product or
   service has been certified, vetted, or otherwise endorsed by the Knative
   project

If the above guidelines do not cover your potential use case, or you're just
not sure; please file an [issue](https://github.com/knative/community/issues)
for the Trademark Committee to review. Generally, the Trademark Committee is
likely to approve respectful variations of the Knative logo for non-commercial
physical items ("swag"), but would like to review the usage first.

The Knative Trademark Committee understands the community desire for a
conformance standard, and we do plan to implement one at a future date. We
also recognize that conformance is a complicated issue with many variables,
and it is still early days for the Knative project. For comparison, the
Kubernetes project did not implement the [Certified Kubernetes Conformance
Program](https://github.com/cncf/k8s-conformance) until version 1.7. Our goal
is to have a Conformance Working Group created soon.

Commit message:

who owns the knative name/site?
Signed-off-by: Doug Davis <dug@us.ibm.com>

BRANDING.MD, after:

## Knative Branding Guidelines

The Knative Trademark Committee oversees the Knative logo, trademark and
knative.dev domain. The Knative logo and trademark are made available here
with the following guidelines:

**You may:**
 - use them for non-commercial uses such as t-shirts and stickers
 - use them to link to knative.dev
 - use them in a blog post or news article about Knative
 - use them to advertise that your product has support for Knative [Note that
   at this time such usage does *not* indicate conformance with any standards
   or requirements]
 - use them in the name of a code repository as a means to indicate that the
   code being developed is related to Knative - as long as there is no
   indication that the Knative community endorses the repository.

**You may not:**
 - Use them in a way that would confuse people about the origin of Knative,
   its maintainers or governance structure
 - Use them as your product's logo or trademark
 - Create a modified version of them (including, but not limited to, changing
   of colors, shape or scale)
 - Integrate them into your logo
 - Use them in such a manner as to create the impression that your product or
   service has been certified, vetted, or otherwise endorsed by the Knative
   project

If the above guidelines do not cover your potential use case, or you're just
not sure; please file an [issue](https://github.com/knative/community/issues)
for the Trademark Committee to review. Generally, the Trademark Committee is
likely to approve respectful variations of the Knative logo for non-commercial
physical items ("swag"), but would like to review the usage first.

The Knative Trademark Committee understands the community desire for a
conformance standard, and we do plan to implement one at a future date. We
also recognize that conformance is a complicated issue with many variables,
and it is still early days for the Knative project. For comparison, the
Kubernetes project did not implement the [Certified Kubernetes Conformance
Program](https://github.com/cncf/k8s-conformance) until version 1.7. Our goal
is to have a Conformance Working Group created soon.
